.TH "ESELECT" "5" "June 2005" "Gentoo Linux" "eselect"
.SH "NAME"
bashcomp\.eselect \- Manage contributed bash-completion scripts
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBeselect bashcomp\fR [\fBhelp\fR|\fBusage\fR]
.br 
\fBeselect bashcomp\fR \fBlist\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR]
.br 
\fBeselect bashcomp\fR \fBenable\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR] \fIbashcomp1 bashcomp2\fR
.br 
\fBeselect bashcomp\fR \fBdisable\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR] \fIbashcomp1 bashcomp2\fR

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBeselect\fR is Gentoo's configuration and management tool. It features
modules that care for individual administrative tasks.
.SH "ACTION: LIST"
\fBeselect bashcomp list\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR]
.br 
Displays a list of available contributed bash-completion scripts.  Enabled
bash-completions are marked with a '*'.  If the \fB\-\-global\fR option is
specified, list globally enabled completions.

$ eselect bashcomp list
.br 
Available completions:
  [1]  bitkeeper
  [2]  cowsay *
.SH "ACTION: ENABLE"
\fBeselect bashcomp enable\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR] \fIbashcomp1 bashcomp2\fR
.br 
.br
Enable the specified completion(s).  Arguments may be a completion name or
a corresponding number produced by \fBeselect bashcomp list\fR.  If the \fB\-\-global\fR
option is specified, enable globally (for all users).
.SH "ACTION: DISABLE"
\fBeselect bashcomp disable\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR] \fIbashcomp1 bashcomp2\fR
.br
Disable the specified completion(s). Arguments may be a completion name or
a corresponding number produced by \fBeselect bashcomp list\fR.  If the \fB\-\-global\fR
option is specified, disable globally (for all users).
.SH "AUTHORS"
Aaron Walker  <ka0ttic@gentoo.org>
.SH "REVISION"
$Id$
