.\" Copyright 2005-2013 Gentoo Foundation
.\" Distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL version 2 or later
.\"
.TH binutils.eselect 5 "April 2009" "Gentoo Linux" eselect
.SH NAME
binutils.eselect \- The binutils management module for Gentoo's eselect
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B eselect binutils
.RB [ help | usage | version ]
.br
.B eselect binutils list
.br
.B eselect binutils set
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B eselect
is Gentoo's configuration and management tool.  It features modules
that care for the individual administrative tasks.
.SH ACTION: LIST
.B eselect binutils list
.RI [ patterns ]
.br
List all installed version of binutils.  If
.I patterns
are given, only versions that match the patterns will be listed.

# eselect binutils list powerpc*
.br
Installed binutils for target powerpc\-unknown\-linux\-gnu
  [1]   2.15.92.0.2 *
.br
# eselect binutils list
.br
Installed binutils for target powerpc\-unknown\-linux\-gnu
  [1]   2.15.92.0.2 *
.br
Installed binutils for target x86_64\-pc\-linux\-gnu
  [2]   2.15.92.0.2
  [3]   2.16
  [4]   2.16.1 *
.SH ACTION: SET
.B eselect binutils set
.I selection
.br
Activate the selected version of binutils.
.I selection
can be either an identification number given by
.B eselect binutils list
or a pattern that uniquely describes one installed version.

# eselect binutils set x86_64*2.16.1
.br
Switching to x86_64\-pc\-linux\-gnu\-2.16.1...
.br
Regenerating /etc/ld.so.cache...
.br
Please remember to run:

  # source /etc/profile

in order to let changes take effect!
.SH ACTION: SHOW
.B eselect binutils show
.RI [ target ]
.br
Print the currently activated binutils version for the given target.
If no target is supplied then the CHOST environment variable is used
to evaluate the native target.

# eselect binutils show
.br
x86_64\-pc\-linux\-gnu\-2.16.1
.SH AUTHOR
Danny van Dyk <kugelfang@gentoo.org>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR eselect (1)
