.TH "ECLECTIC" "5" "April 2005" "Gentoo Linux" "eclectic"
.SH "NAME"
blas.eclectic \- The BLAS management module for Gentoo's eclectic
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBeclectic blas\fR [\fBhelp\fR|\fBusage\fR]
.br 
\fBeclectic blas\fR \fBlist\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
\fBeclectic blas\fR \fBset\fR \fIimplementation\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
\fBeclectic blas\fR \fBshow\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
\fBeclectic blas\fR \fBupdate\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBeclectic\fR is Gentoo's configuration and management tool. It features
modules that care for the individual administrative tasks.
.SH "ACTION: LIST"
\fBeclectic blas list\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
Displays an orderd list of installed BLAS implementations. It distinguishes between versions with different
Application Binary Interfaces (e.g. x86/AMD64). Further it distinguishes
between interfaces to highlevel programming languages. Each line holds
a number, the implementation's name and the providing package's name.

phi / # eclectic blas list
.br 
\-\-\- Installed in /usr/lib \-\-\-
.br 
C/C++ profiles
  [1]   ACML        (sci\-libs/ACML)
  [2]   ATLAS       (sci\-libs/blas\-atlas)

FORTRAN 77 profiles
  [1]   ACML        (sci\-libs/ACML)
  [2]   ATLAS       (sci\-libs/blas\-atlas)
  [3]   reference   (sci\-libs/blas\-reference)


Possible \fIoptions\fR to the \fBlist\fR action are restrictions to
handle only certain profiles or ABI\-specific library directories. For example,
 
\fBeclectic blas list lib64\fR

lists only BLAS implementations found in \fB/usr/lib64\fR while

\fBeclectic blas list lib32 F77\fR

lists only BLAS implementations that provide a FORTRAN 77 interface
and are located in \fB/usr/lib32\fR.
.SH "ACTION: SHOW"
\fBeclectic blas show\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
Shows your system's currently active BLAS implementations.

phi / # eclectic blas show
.br 
Active BLAS implementations
  /usr/lib (C)              ACML (sci\-libs/ACML)
  /usr/lib (F77)            ACML (sci\-libs/ACML)
  /usr/lib64 (C)            ACML (sci\-libs/ACML)
  /usr/lib64 (F77)          ACML (sci\-libs/ACML)

The same \fIoptions\fR that apply to the \fBlist\fR action can be used
with the \fBshow\fR action to restrict it to given ABIs and language interfaces.
.SH "ACTION: SET"
\fBeclectic blas set\fR \fIimplementation\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
Sets your system's currently active BLAS implementations to \fIimplementation\fR. 
The same \fIoptions\fR that apply to the \fBlist\fR action can be used
with the \fBset\fR action to restrict it to given ABIs and language interfaces.

phi / # eclectic blas set ACML
.br 
Changing BLAS implementation to ACML in
.br 
  lib lib32 lib64
.br 
Affected language interfaces
  C F77
.SH "ACTION: UPDATE"
\fBeclectic blas update\fR
.br 
Browses your system for installed BLAS implementations
and save the data for further actions. During this process it automatically
detects the currently active BLAS implementation which will be memorized as well.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Danny van Dyk <kugelfang@gentoo.org>
.SH "REVISION"
$Id$
