.\" -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
.\" Copyright 2009-2018 Gentoo Foundation
.\" Distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL version 2 or later
.\"
.TH editor.eselect 5 "September 2012" "Gentoo Linux" eselect
.SH NAME
editor.eselect \- The EDITOR management module for Gentoo's eselect
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B eselect editor
.RB [ help | usage | version ]
.br
.B eselect editor list
.br
.B eselect editor set
.I target
.br
.B eselect editor show
.br
.B eselect editor update
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B eselect
is Gentoo's configuration and management tool.  It features modules
that care for the individual administrative tasks.
.SH ACTION: LIST
.B eselect editor list
.br
List available targets for the
.I EDITOR
variable.

# eselect editor list
.br
Available targets for the EDITOR variable:
.br
  [1]   /bin/nano *
  [2]   /usr/bin/emacs
  [3]   /usr/bin/vi
  [ ]   (free form)
.SH ACTION: SET
.B eselect editor set
.I target
.br
Set the
.I EDITOR
variable in the system profile.
.I target
can be either an identification number given by
.B eselect editor list
or the name of an installed text editor.

# eselect editor set emacs
.br
Setting EDITOR to /usr/bin/emacs ...
.br
Run ". /etc/profile" to update the variable in your shell.
.SH ACTION: SHOW
.B eselect editor show
.br
Show the value of the
.I EDITOR
variable in the system profile.

# eselect editor show
.br
EDITOR variable in profile:
.br
  /usr/bin/emacs
.SH ACTION: UPDATE
.B eselect editor update
.br
Update the
.I EDITOR
variable if it is unset or invalid.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B /etc/env.d/99editor
Configuration file where the variable is stored.
.SH AUTHOR
Ulrich Müller <ulm@gentoo.org>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR eselect (1),
.BR visual.eselect (5),
.BR environ (7)
