.\" Copyright 2007-2008 Gentoo Foundation
.\" Distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License v2
.\" $Id$
.\"
.TH ESELECT 5 "December 2008" "Gentoo Linux" eselect
.SH NAME
emacs.eselect \- The Emacs management module for Gentoo's eselect
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B eselect emacs
.RB [ help | usage ]
.br
.B eselect emacs list
.br
.B eselect emacs set
.I target
.br
.B eselect emacs show
.br
.B eselect emacs update
.RI [ ifunset ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B eselect
is Gentoo's configuration and management tool.  It features modules
that care for the individual administrative tasks.
.SH ACTION: LIST
.B eselect emacs list
.br
List all installed Emacs versions and even informs you if XEmacs has
been found on your system.

# eselect emacs list
.br
Available GNU Emacs symlink targets:
.br
  [1]   emacs-18
  [2]   emacs-21 *
  [3]   emacs-22
.SH ACTION: SET
.B eselect emacs set
.I target
.br
Activate the selected Emacs version.
.I target
can be either an identification number given by
.B eselect emacs list
or the name of one installed version.  To avoid runtime issues with
incompatible byte-code from the previously selected Emacs version, run 
.B emacs-updater -a rebuild
to remerge all needed packages.

# eselect emacs set 3
.br
Switching emacs to emacs-22 ...
.br
Switching ctags to ctags-emacs-22 ...
.br
Switching etags to etags-emacs-22 ...
.SH ACTION: SHOW
.B eselect emacs show
.br
Print the currently activated Emacs version.

# eselect emacs show
.br
Current target of GNU Emacs symlink:
.br
  emacs-22
.SH ACTION: UPDATE
.B eselect emacs update
.RI [ ifunset ]
.br
Update the emacs symlink to the last available version.  If option
.I ifunset
is given, an existing implementation is not overridden.

# eselect emacs update
.br
Switching emacs to emacs-22 ...
.br
Switching ctags to ctags-emacs-22 ...
.br
Switching etags to etags-emacs-22 ...
.SH AUTHORS
Christian Faulhammer <fauli@gentoo.org>
.br
Ulrich Mueller <ulm@gentoo.org>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR eselect (1),
.BR ctags.eselect (5)
.SH REVISION
$Id$
