.\" -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
.\" Copyright 2005-2015 Gentoo Foundation
.\" Distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL version 2 or later
.\"
.TH ESELECT 1 "October 2011" "Gentoo Linux" eselect
.SH NAME
eselect \- Gentoo's multi\-purpose configuration and management tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B eselect
.RI [ "global options" ]
.I module
.RI [ action ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B eselect
is Gentoo's configuration and management tool.  It features modules
that care for individual administrative tasks.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-brief
Set brief output mode, for use as input to other programs.
(This is an experimental feature.)
.TP
.BI \-\-color= "mode, " \-\-colour= mode
Enable or disable colour output.
.I mode
can be
.BR yes ,
.BR no ,
or
.BR auto .
The default is
.BR auto ,
for which colour output is enabled only if standard output is
connected to a terminal.
.SH BUILT-INS
.TP
.B help
Displays a help screen listing all built\-ins and the installed modules.
.TP
.B usage
Displays a minimal help screen.
.TP
.B version
Prints eselect's version tag.
.SH MODULES
You can view a list of installed modules using
.IP
.B eselect modules list
.PP
For individual help on each module, please run
.IP
.B eselect
.I module
.B help
.PP
or refer to the manpage
.IR module .eselect(5).
.SH FULL DOCUMENTATION
Full user and developer documentation is included in Restructured Text (RST)
format.  The 'html' Make target can be used to generate HTML versions.
.SH AUTHORS
Danny van Dyk <kugelfang@gentoo.org>
.br
Ciaran McCreesh <ciaranm@gentoo.org>
.br
Aaron Walker <ka0ttic@gentoo.org>
.br
Ulrich Müller <ulm@gentoo.org>
