.TH "ECLECTIC" "5" "April 2005" "Gentoo Linux" "eclectic"
.SH "NAME"
lapack.eclectic \- The LAPACK management module for Gentoo's eclectic
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBeclectic lapack\fR [\fBhelp\fR|\fBusage\fR]
.br 
\fBeclectic lapack\fR \fBlist\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
\fBeclectic lapack\fR \fBset\fR \fIimplementation\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
\fBeclectic lapack\fR \fBshow\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
\fBeclectic lapack\fR \fBupdate\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBeclectic\fR is Gentoo's configuration and management tool. It features
modules that care for the individual administrative tasks.
.SH "ACTION: LIST"
\fBeclectic lapack list\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
Displays an orderd list of installed LAPACK implementations. It distinguishes between versions with different
Application Binary Interfaces (e.g. x86/AMD64). Further it distinguishes
between interfaces to highlevel programming languages. Each line holds
a number, the implementation's name and the providing package's name.

phi / # eclectic lapack list
.br 
\-\-\- Installed in /usr/lib \-\-\-
.br 
FORTRAN 77 profiles
  [1]   ACML        (sci\-libs/ACML)
  [2]   ATLAS       (sci\-libs/lapack\-atlas)
  [3]   reference   (sci\-libs/lapack\-reference)


Possible \fIoptions\fR to the \fBlist\fR action are restrictions to
handle only certain profiles or ABI\-specific library directories. For example,
 
\fBeclectic lapack list lib64\fR

lists only LAPACK implementations found in \fB/usr/lib64\fR while

\fBeclectic lapack list lib32 F77\fR

lists only LAPACK implementations that provide a FORTRAN 77 interface
and are located in \fB/usr/lib32\fR.
.SH "ACTION: SHOW"
\fBeclectic lapack show\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
Shows your system's currently active LAPACK implementations.

phi / # eclectic lapack show
.br 
Active LAPACK implementations
  /usr/lib (F77)            ACML (sci\-libs/ACML)
  /usr/lib64 (F77)          ACML (sci\-libs/ACML)

The same \fIoptions\fR that apply to the \fBlist\fR action can be used
with the \fBshow\fR action to restrict it to given ABIs and language interfaces.
.SH "ACTION: SET"
\fBeclectic lapack set\fR \fIimplementation\fR [\fIoptions\fR]
.br 
Sets your system's currently active LAPACK implementations to \fIimplementation\fR. 
The same \fIoptions\fR that apply to the \fBlist\fR action can be used
with the \fBset\fR action to restrict it to given ABIs and language interfaces.

phi / # eclectic lapack set ACML
.br 
Changing LAPACK implementation to ACML in
.br 
  lib lib32 lib64
.br 
Affected language interfaces
  F77
.SH "ACTION: UPDATE"
\fBeclectic lapack update\fR
.br 
Browses your system for installed LAPACK implementations
and save the data for further actions. During this process it automatically
detects the currently active LAPACK implementation which will be memorized as well.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Danny van Dyk <kugelfang@gentoo.org>
.SH "REVISION"
$Id$
