.\" -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
.\" Copyright 2009-2012 Gentoo Foundation
.\" Distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL version 2 or later
.\"
.TH news.eselect 5 "October 2011" "Gentoo Linux" eselect
.SH NAME
news.eselect \- The GLEP 42 newsreader module for Gentoo's eselect
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B eselect news
.RB [ help | usage | version ]
.br
.B eselect news list
.br
.B eselect news read
.RB [ \-\-mbox | \-\-quiet | \-\-raw ]
.RI [ item ...]
.br
.B eselect news unread
.RI [ item ...]
.br
.B eselect news purge
.br
.B eselect news count
.RB [ new | all ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B eselect
is Gentoo's configuration and management tool.  It features modules
that care for the individual administrative tasks.
.SH ACTION: LIST
.B eselect news list
.br
List all relevant Gentoo news items.  Unread items are flagged by an
.B N
next to their date. 

# eselect news list
.br
News items:
.br
  [1]      2009-04-06  Migration from teTeX to TeXLive
  [2]      2009-04-06  Migration to X.org Server 1.5
  [3]   N  2009-04-18  Generation 1 Java Setup Deprecated
.SH ACTION: READ
.B eselect news read
.RB [ \-\-mbox | \-\-quiet | \-\-raw ]
.RI [ item ...]
.br
Read news item(s), selected by their
.I item
number(s) from the
.B list
action.  Special items
.B new
and
.B all
select all unread items or all items, respectively.
Default is to read all unread news, if no item is specified.
With options
.B \-\-mbox
or
.BR \-\-raw ,
output the item(s) in mbox format or in raw format, respectively.
Option
.B \-\-quiet
or
.B \-\-silent
suppresses output, but items are still marked as read.
.SH ACTION: UNREAD
.B eselect news unread
.RI [ item ...]
.br
Mark news item(s) as unread again.  Items are selected by their
.I item
number(s) from the
.B list
action.  Special item
.B all
selects all items.
.SH ACTION: PURGE
.B eselect news purge
.br
Purge all read news item(s).
.SH ACTION: COUNT
.B eselect news count
.RB [ new | all ]
.br
Display number of unread news items (default) or of all news items,
if option
.B all
is given.
.SH AUTHOR
Ulrich Müller <ulm@gentoo.org>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR eselect (1),
http://www.gentoo.org/proj/en/glep/glep-0042.html
