.\" -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
.\" Copyright 2009-2011 Gentoo Foundation
.\" Distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License v2 or later
.\" $Id$
.\"
.TH pager.eselect 5 "June 2009" "Gentoo Linux" eselect
.SH NAME
pager.eselect \- The PAGER management module for Gentoo's eselect
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B eselect pager
.RB [ help | usage | version ]
.br
.B eselect pager list
.br
.B eselect pager set
.I target
.br
.B eselect pager show
.br
.B eselect pager update
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B eselect
is Gentoo's configuration and management tool.  It features modules
that care for the individual administrative tasks.
.SH ACTION: LIST
.B eselect pager list
.br
List available targets for the
.I PAGER
variable.

# eselect pager list
.br
Available targets for the PAGER variable:
.br
  [1]   /bin/more *
  [2]   /usr/bin/less
  [ ]   (free form)
.SH ACTION: SET
.B eselect pager set
.I target
.br
Set the
.I PAGER
variable in the system profile.
.I target
can be either an identification number given by
.B eselect pager list
or the name of an installed terminal pager program.

# eselect pager set 2
.br
Setting PAGER to /usr/bin/less ...
.br
Run "source /etc/profile" to update the variable in your shell.
.SH ACTION: SHOW
.B eselect pager show
.br
Show the value of the
.I PAGER
variable in the system profile.

# eselect pager show
.br
PAGER variable in profile:
.br
  /usr/bin/less
.SH ACTION: UPDATE
.B eselect pager update
.br
Update the
.I PAGER
variable if it is unset or invalid.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B /etc/env.d/99pager
Configuration file where the variable is stored.
.SH AUTHOR
Ulrich Müller <ulm@gentoo.org>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR eselect (1),
.BR environ (7)
.SH REVISION
$Id$
