.TH "ESELECT" "5" "April 2005" "Gentoo Linux" "eselect"
.SH "NAME"
rc.eselect \- Runlevel configuration module
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBeselect rc\fR [\fBhelp\fR|\fBusage\fR]
.br 
\fBeselect rc\fR \fBadd\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIrunlevel\fR [\fIrunlevel\fR ...]]
.br 
\fBeselect rc\fR \fBdelete\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIrunlevel\fR [\fIrunlevel\fR ...]]
.br 
\fBeselect rc\fR \fBlist\fR [\fIrunlevel\fR]
.br 
\fBeselect rc\fR \fBpause\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR ...]]
.br 
\fBeselect rc\fR \fBrestart\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR ...]]
.br 
\fBeselect rc\fR \fBshow\fR
.br 
\fBeselect rc\fR \fBstart\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR ...]]
.br 
\fBeselect rc\fR \fBstop\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR ...]]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
\fBeselect\fR is Gentoo's configuration and management tool. It features
modules that care for the individual administrative tasks.
.SH "ACTION: ADD"
\fBeselect rc add\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIrunlevel\fR [\fIrunlevel\fR ...]]
.br 
Add \fIscript\fR to given \fIrunlevels\fR. If no \fIrunlevel\fR is given,
this action will add \fIscript\fR to the \fBdefault\fR runlevel.

phi ~ # eselect rc add local default nonetwork notexisting
.br 
Adding local to following runlevels
  default                   [done]
  nonetwork                 [skipped]
  notexisting               [invalid]

The result\-tags are as following
.TP 
\fB[done]\fR
.br 
\fIscript\fR succesfully added to \fIrunlevel\fR
.TP 
\fB[failed]\fR
\fIscript\fR couldnot be added to \fIrunlevel\fR
.TP 
\fB[skipped]\fR
\fIscript\fR already part of \fIrunlevel\fR
.TP 
\fB[invalid]\fR
\fIrunlevel\fR is not existing
.SH "ACTION: DELETE"
\fBeselect rc delete\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIrunlevel\fR [\fIrunlevel\fR ...]]
.br 
Delete \fIscript\fR to given \fIrunlevels\fR. If no \fIrunlevel\fR is given,
this action will delete \fIscript\fR from the \fBdefault\fR runlevel.

phi ~ # eselect rc delete local nonetwork notexisting
.br 
Adding local to following runlevels
  nonetwork                 [done]
  notexisting               [invalid]

The result\-tags are as following
.TP 
\fB[done]\fR
.br 
\fIscript\fR succesfully deleted to \fIrunlevel\fR
.TP 
\fB[failed]\fR
\fIscript\fR couldnot be deleted to \fIrunlevel\fR
.TP 
\fB[skipped]\fR
\fIscript\fR not part of \fIrunlevel\fR
.TP 
\fB[invalid]\fR
\fIrunlevel\fR is not existing
.SH "ACTION: LIST"
\fBeselect rc list\fR [\fIrunlevel\fR]
.br 
Displays an orderd list of init scripts that belong to \fIrunlevel\fR. In case that
\fIrunlevel\fR is given, this action will list all scripts from /etc/init.d/.

phi / # eselect rc list default
Init scripts to be started by runlevel default
  cupsd
  local
  metalog
  net.eth0
  netmount
  powernowd
  sshd
  vixie\-cron
  xdm
  xfs
.SH "ACTION: PAUSE"
\fBeselect rc pause\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR ...]
.br 
Pauses the given set of init scripts.

phi / # eselect rc pause net.eth0
.br 
 * Stopping eth0
 *   Bringing down eth0
 *     Shutting down eth0 ...
.SH "ACTION: RESTART"
\fBeselect rc restart\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR ...]
.br 
Restarts the given set of init scripts.

phi / # eselect rc restart sshd
.br 
Restarting init script
 * ERROR:  "local" has not yet been started.
 * Stopping sshd ...                                                      [ ok ]
.SH "ACTION: SHOW"
\fBeselect rc show\fR
.br 
Shows the current runlevel's init script and lists them together with their status.

phi / # eselect rc show
.br 
Status of init scripts in runlevel default
  cupsd                     [started]
  local                     [started]
  metalog                   [started]
  net.eth0                  [started]
  netmount                  [started]
  powernowd                 [started]
  sshd                      [stopped]
  vixie\-cron                [started]
  xdm                       [started]

The status flags are as following

.TP 
\fB[started]\fR
\fIscript\fR has been successfully run.
.TP 
\fB[stopping]\fR
\fIscript\fR stop has been ordered, but it has not ceased yet.
.TP 
\fB[stopped]\fR
\fIscript\fR has manually been stopped.
.TP 
\fB[failed]\fR
One or more commands in \fIscript\fR have not succeeded.
.TP 
\fB[broken]\fR
\fIscript\fR has a syntax error.

.SH "ACTION: START"
\fBeselect rc start\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR ...]
.br 
Starts the given set of init scripts manually, regardless of the current runlevel.

phi / # eselect rc start local sshd
.br 
Restarting init script
 * Starting local ...                                                    [ ok ]
 * WARNING:  "sshd" has already been started.
.SH "ACTION: STOP"
\fBeselect rc restart\fR \fIscript\fR [\fIscript\fR ...]
.br 
Restarts the given set of init scripts.

phi / # eselect rc restart sshd
.br 
Restarting init script
 * ERROR:  "local" has not yet been started.
 * Stopping sshd ...                                                      [ ok ]
.SH "AUTHOR"
Danny van Dyk <kugelfang@gentoo.org>
.SH "REVISION"
$Id$
