.\" -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
.\" Copyright 2009-2016 Gentoo Foundation
.\" Distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL version 2 or later
.\"
.TH visual.eselect 5 "September 2012" "Gentoo Linux" eselect
.SH NAME
visual.eselect \- The VISUAL management module for Gentoo's eselect
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B eselect visual
.RB [ help | usage | version ]
.br
.B eselect visual list
.br
.B eselect visual set
.I target
.br
.B eselect visual show
.br
.B eselect visual update
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B eselect
is Gentoo's configuration and management tool.  It features modules
that care for the individual administrative tasks.
.SH ACTION: LIST
.B eselect visual list
.br
List available targets for the
.I VISUAL
variable.

# eselect visual list
.br
Available targets for the
.I VISUAL
variable:
.br
  [1]   /bin/nano *
  [2]   /usr/bin/emacs
  [3]   /usr/bin/vi
  [ ]   (free form)
.SH ACTION: SET
.B eselect visual set
.I target
.br
Set the
.I VISUAL
variable in the system profile.
.I target
can be either an identification number given by
.B eselect visual list
or the name of an installed text editor.

# eselect visual set emacs
.br
Setting VISUAL to /usr/bin/emacs ...
.br
Run ". /etc/profile" to update the variable in your shell.
.SH ACTION: SHOW
.B eselect visual show
.br
Show the value of the
.I VISUAL
variable in the system profile.

# eselect visual show
.br
VISUAL variable in profile:
.br
  /usr/bin/emacs
.SH ACTION: UPDATE
.B eselect visual update
.br
Update the
.I VISUAL
variable if it is unset or invalid.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B /etc/env.d/99editor
Configuration file where the variable is stored.
.SH AUTHOR
Ulrich Müller <ulm@gentoo.org>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR eselect (1),
.BR editor.eselect (5),
.BR environ (7)
